[Initialization] Number of emails: 100 | Random State: 7997

[Classification] Greetings:
dear friend: 19
dear sirmadam: 9
dear sir: 6
dear: 4
dear one: 2
dearest: 1
i am a member of the federal government of nigeria contract award and: 1
dear friend we offer you email addresses databases for advertisementmailing we sell databases car...: 1
i am frank okonjo  i represent mohammed: 1
sir: 1
i am mrs. elena owen a citizen of bulgaria but i based in england i am married to sir francis owe...: 1
dear prospective business partner: 1
dear dddddddd r. rrrrr: 1
i am mr olsom berghart a personal treasurer to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and...: 1
i am mr. david tungay provincial director standard bank of south africa johannesburg branch. i ha...: 1
dear friend.: 1
dearly beloved in christ: 1
my name is mrs wu yung a merchant sentosa in sindapore: 1
dearest one      on a very good day.   im happy to inform you about my success in getting those f...: 1
dearsir: 1
dearest beloved: 1
my name is mr. habib waheed. i am from dubai . i have been diagnosed with: 1
i am stevens bangura son of late mr john bangura of sierra: 1
greetings you must be aware now that my country the republic of south africa: 1
dear sir.: 1
greetings: 1
madame dera ne melika diouf.: 1
i am applying to invest in your country. i hope that we can do this major business together i wil...: 1
dearest we are gordon and rose wiliams of our late parents mr and mrs victor williams. our father...: 1
dear sir  madam: 1
i am engr. robert edmond the purchasing director of tokyo plastic inc. we wish to be in your coun...: 1
i am a top official in charge of client accounts in equitable pci bank: 1
hello my dear: 1
dearest one: 1
dear sirmadam dear friend my name is mr dennis stevensonthe  chairman of the board of directors  ...: 1
hello dear: 1
hello dear.: 1
i am a staff of lloyds tsb group plc here in hong kong attached in: 1
i am mr.patrick  james iburu son of late mr danel  ojinta iburu former: 1
my name is .mohammed  khalifa from palestine. i worked with the regime: 1
i am ms silvia awiloba the daughter of late mr and mrs.awiloba my father was a very wealthy cocoa...: 1
my name is quien jelo im a single . i come from sierra leone.dear im interesting to be your frien...: 1
i am pleased to get across to you for a profitable business proposal: 1
dear beloved in christ: 1
i am writting this letter with due respect and heartful of tears since we have not known or met o...: 1
i am  dr. mrs. maryam abacha wife to the late: 1

[Classification] 
Closings:
best regards: 16
yours faithfully: 11
yours sincerely: 9
thanks: 4
kind regards: 3
sincerely: 2
your sincerely: 1
you soonest thanks: 1
with the best regards: 1
yours truly: 1
